Q1. Description
You are given a string that contains only lowercase English letters and spaces. You're also given a mapping from characters to characters that defines how the original message was encoded.
Your task is to decode the given message using the mapping.
Each character in the message should be replaced with its corresponding mapped character. Spaces must remain unchanged. If a character is not present in the mapping, it should also remain unchanged.

Input : Object {"a" : "c" ....} like this.

example :
1. Input
a b
b c
c d
d e
e f
abc de

Output : bcd ef

2. Input : 
a m
b n
c o
abc cab

Output : mno omn

Q2. Description 
You are given a collection of candies, where each candy is represented by an integer indicating its type.
You are also given an integer k, representing the number of distinct candy types each child must receive.

Each child must receive exactly k distinct candies.
A candy can be given to only one child and cannot be reused.
Your task is to determine the maximum number of children that can receive such a distribution.
The distribution must satisfy both conditions:
Every child receives exactly k distinct candy types.
No candy is shared between children.
If it is not possible to distribute candies under these rules, return 0.

Input : 7 3
1 1 2 2 3 3 4
Output : 2

Input : 5 5
1 2 3 4 5

Input : 6 2
1 1 1 1 1 1
Output : 0

Q3. Description
You are given an array of strings and an integer k. A string is called distinct if it appears exactly once in the array. Return the k-th distinct string in the array.
If there are fewer than k distinct strings, return "None".

Input : 7
a b c d a b e
2
Output : d

Input : 6
apple banana apple orange banana mango
1
Output : orange

Q4. LeedCode : https://leetcode.com/problems/word-pattern/
Description
Given a string pattern and a space-separated string s, determine if s follows the same pattern.
Here, following the pattern means that there is a one-to-one correspondence between characters in pattern and words in s:
Each character in pattern should map to exactly one word in s.
No two characters should map to the same word.
Return true if s follows the pattern; otherwise, return false.

Input : abba
dog cat cat dog
Output : true

Input : abba
dog cat cat fish
Output : false


Q5. LeedCode : https://leetcode.com/problems/set-mismatch/
Title : 645. Set Mismatch